now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron in
now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt this month shall be
the land of Egypt this month shall be
the land of Egypt this month shall be your beginning of months it shall be the
your beginning of months it shall be the
your beginning of months it shall be the first month of the year to you speak to
first month of the year to you speak to
first month of the year to you speak to all the congregation of Israel saying on
all the congregation of Israel saying on
all the congregation of Israel saying on the 10th of this month every man shall
the 10th of this month every man shall
the 10th of this month every man shall take for himself a lamb according to the
take for himself a lamb according to the
take for himself a lamb according to the house of his father a lamb for a
house of his father a lamb for a
house of his father a lamb for a household and if the household is too
household and if the household is too
household and if the household is too small for the lamb let him and his
small for the lamb let him and his
small for the lamb let him and his neighbor next to his house take it
neighbor next to his house take it
neighbor next to his house take it according to the number of the persons
according to the number of the persons
according to the number of the persons according to each man's need you shall
according to each man's need you shall
according to each man's need you shall make your count for the lamb your lamb
make your count for the lamb your lamb
make your count for the lamb your lamb shall be without blemish a male of the
shall be without blemish a male of the
shall be without blemish a male of the first year you may take it from the
first year you may take it from the
first year you may take it from the sheep or from the goats now you shall
sheep or from the goats now you shall
sheep or from the goats now you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the
keep it until the fourteenth day of the
keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month then the whole Assembly of
same month then the whole Assembly of
same month then the whole Assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it
the congregation of Israel shall kill it
the congregation of Israel shall kill it at Twilight and they shall take some of
at Twilight and they shall take some of
at Twilight and they shall take some of the blood and put it on the two-door
the blood and put it on the two-door
the blood and put it on the two-door posts and on the lintel of the houses
posts and on the lintel of the houses
posts and on the lintel of the houses where they eat it then they shall eat
where they eat it then they shall eat
where they eat it then they shall eat the flesh on that night roasted in fire
the flesh on that night roasted in fire
the flesh on that night roasted in fire with unleavened bread and with bitter
with unleavened bread and with bitter
with unleavened bread and with bitter herbs they shall eat it do not eat it
herbs they shall eat it do not eat it
herbs they shall eat it do not eat it raw nor boiled at all with water but
raw nor boiled at all with water but
raw nor boiled at all with water but roasted in fire its head with its legs
roasted in fire its head with its legs
roasted in fire its head with its legs and its entrails you shall let none of
and its entrails you shall let none of
and its entrails you shall let none of it remain until morning and what remains
it remain until morning and what remains
it remain until morning and what remains of it until morning you shall burn with
of it until morning you shall burn with
of it until morning you shall burn with fire and thus you shall eat it with a
fire and thus you shall eat it with a
fire and thus you shall eat it with a belt on your waist
belt on your waist
belt on your waist your sandals on your feet and your staff
your sandals on your feet and your staff
your sandals on your feet and your staff in your hand so you shall eat it in
in your hand so you shall eat it in
in your hand so you shall eat it in haste it is the Lord's pass
haste it is the Lord's pass
haste it is the Lord's pass for I will pass through the land of
for I will pass through the land of
for I will pass through the land of Egypt on that night and will strike all
Egypt on that night and will strike all
Egypt on that night and will strike all the firstborn in the land of Egypt both
the firstborn in the land of Egypt both
the firstborn in the land of Egypt both man and beast and against all the gods
man and beast and against all the gods
man and beast and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment I am
of Egypt I will execute judgment I am
of Egypt I will execute judgment I am the Lord now the blood shall be a sign
the Lord now the blood shall be a sign
the Lord now the blood shall be a sign for you on the houses where you are and
for you on the houses where you are and
for you on the houses where you are and when I see the Blood I will pass over
when I see the Blood I will pass over
when I see the Blood I will pass over you and the plague shall not be on you
you and the plague shall not be on you
you and the plague shall not be on you to destroy you when I strike the land of
to destroy you when I strike the land of
to destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt so this day shall be to you a
Egypt so this day shall be to you a
Egypt so this day shall be to you a memorial and you shall keep it as a
memorial and you shall keep it as a
memorial and you shall keep it as a feast to the Lord throughout your
feast to the Lord throughout your
feast to the Lord throughout your generations you shall keep it as a feast
generations you shall keep it as a feast
generations you shall keep it as a feast by an everlasting ordinance
by an everlasting ordinance
by an everlasting ordinance seven days you shall eat unleavened
seven days you shall eat unleavened
seven days you shall eat unleavened bread on the first day you shall remove
bread on the first day you shall remove
bread on the first day you shall remove leaven from your houses for whoever eats
leaven from your houses for whoever eats
leaven from your houses for whoever eats leavened bread from the first day until
leavened bread from the first day until
leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day that person shall be cut
the seventh day that person shall be cut
the seventh day that person shall be cut off from Israel on the first day there
off from Israel on the first day there
off from Israel on the first day there shall be a holy convocation and on the
shall be a holy convocation and on the
shall be a holy convocation and on the seventh day there shall be a holy
seventh day there shall be a holy
seventh day there shall be a holy convocation for you know manner of work
convocation for you know manner of work
convocation for you know manner of work shall be done on them but that which
shall be done on them but that which
shall be done on them but that which everyone must eat that only may be
everyone must eat that only may be
everyone must eat that only may be prepared by you so you shall observe the
prepared by you so you shall observe the
prepared by you so you shall observe the feast of unleavened bread for on the
feast of unleavened bread for on the
feast of unleavened bread for on the same day I will have brought your armies
same day I will have brought your armies
same day I will have brought your armies out of the land of Egypt therefore you
out of the land of Egypt therefore you
out of the land of Egypt therefore you shall observe this day throughout your
shall observe this day throughout your
shall observe this day throughout your generations as an everlasting ordinance
generations as an everlasting ordinance
generations as an everlasting ordinance in the first month on the fourteenth day
in the first month on the fourteenth day
in the first month on the fourteenth day of the month at evening you shall eat
of the month at evening you shall eat
of the month at evening you shall eat unleavened bread until the 21st day of
unleavened bread until the 21st day of
unleavened bread until the 21st day of the month
the month
the month at evening for seven days no leaven
at evening for seven days no leaven
at evening for seven days no leaven shall be found in your houses since
shall be found in your houses since
shall be found in your houses since whoever eats what is leavened that same
whoever eats what is leavened that same
whoever eats what is leavened that same person shall be cut off from the
person shall be cut off from the
person shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel whether he is a
congregation of Israel whether he is a
congregation of Israel whether he is a stranger or a native of the land you
stranger or a native of the land you
stranger or a native of the land you shall eat nothing leavened in all your
shall eat nothing leavened in all your
shall eat nothing leavened in all your dwellings you shall eat unleavened bread
the Moses called for all the elders of
the Moses called for all the elders of Israel and said to them pick out and
Israel and said to them pick out and
Israel and said to them pick out and take lambs for yourselves according to
take lambs for yourselves according to
take lambs for yourselves according to your families and kill the Passover lamb
your families and kill the Passover lamb
your families and kill the Passover lamb and you shall take a bunch of hyssop dip
and you shall take a bunch of hyssop dip
and you shall take a bunch of hyssop dip it in the blood that is in the basin and
it in the blood that is in the basin and
it in the blood that is in the basin and strike the lintel and the two doorposts
strike the lintel and the two doorposts
strike the lintel and the two doorposts with the blood that is in the basin and
with the blood that is in the basin and
with the blood that is in the basin and none of you shall go out of the door of
none of you shall go out of the door of
none of you shall go out of the door of his house until morning for the Lord
his house until morning for the Lord
his house until morning for the Lord will pass through to strike the
will pass through to strike the
will pass through to strike the Egyptians and when he sees the blood on
Egyptians and when he sees the blood on
Egyptians and when he sees the blood on the lintel and on the two door posts the
the lintel and on the two door posts the
the lintel and on the two door posts the Lord will pass over the door and not
Lord will pass over the door and not
Lord will pass over the door and not allow the destroyer to come into your
allow the destroyer to come into your
allow the destroyer to come into your houses to strike you and you shall
houses to strike you and you shall
houses to strike you and you shall observe this thing as an ordinance for
observe this thing as an ordinance for
observe this thing as an ordinance for you and your sons for ever
you and your sons for ever
you and your sons for ever it will come to pass when you come to
it will come to pass when you come to
it will come to pass when you come to the land which the Lord will give you
the land which the Lord will give you
the land which the Lord will give you just as he promised that you shall keep
just as he promised that you shall keep
just as he promised that you shall keep this service and shall be when your
this service and shall be when your
this service and shall be when your children say to you what do you mean by
children say to you what do you mean by
children say to you what do you mean by this service that you shall say it is
this service that you shall say it is
this service that you shall say it is the Passover sacrifice of the Lord who
the Passover sacrifice of the Lord who
the Passover sacrifice of the Lord who passed over the houses of the children
passed over the houses of the children
passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt when he struck the
of Israel in Egypt when he struck the
of Israel in Egypt when he struck the Egyptians and delivered our households
Egyptians and delivered our households
Egyptians and delivered our households so the people bowed their heads and
so the people bowed their heads and
so the people bowed their heads and worshiped then the children of Israel
worshiped then the children of Israel
worshiped then the children of Israel went away and did so just as the Lord
went away and did so just as the Lord
went away and did so just as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron so they
had commanded Moses and Aaron so they
had commanded Moses and Aaron so they did
[Music]
[Music] and it came to pass at midnight but the
and it came to pass at midnight but the
and it came to pass at midnight but the Lord struck all the firstborn in the
Lord struck all the firstborn in the
Lord struck all the firstborn in the land of Egypt on the firstborn of
land of Egypt on the firstborn of
land of Egypt on the firstborn of Pharaoh who sat on his throne to the
Pharaoh who sat on his throne to the
Pharaoh who sat on his throne to the firstborn of the captive who was in the
firstborn of the captive who was in the
firstborn of the captive who was in the dungeon and all the firstborn of life
so Ferrer rose in the night he all his
so Ferrer rose in the night he all his servants and all the Egyptians and there
servants and all the Egyptians and there
servants and all the Egyptians and there was a great cry in Egypt for there was
was a great cry in Egypt for there was
was a great cry in Egypt for there was not a house where there was not one dead
not a house where there was not one dead
not a house where there was not one dead and he called for Moses and Aaron by
and he called for Moses and Aaron by
and he called for Moses and Aaron by night right go out from among my people
night right go out from among my people
night right go out from among my people of you and the children of Israel and go
of you and the children of Israel and go
of you and the children of Israel and go serve the Lord as you have said also
serve the Lord as you have said also
serve the Lord as you have said also take your flocks and your herds as you
take your flocks and your herds as you
take your flocks and your herds as you have said
bless me Alton and the Egyptians urged
bless me Alton and the Egyptians urged the people that they might send them out
the people that they might send them out
the people that they might send them out of the land in haste for they said which
of the land in haste for they said which
of the land in haste for they said which will all be burned so the people took
will all be burned so the people took
will all be burned so the people took their dough before it was leavened
their dough before it was leavened
their dough before it was leavened having their kneading balls bound up in
having their kneading balls bound up in
having their kneading balls bound up in their clothes on their shoulders now the
their clothes on their shoulders now the
their clothes on their shoulders now the children of Israel had done according to
children of Israel had done according to
children of Israel had done according to the word of Moses and they had asked
the word of Moses and they had asked
the word of Moses and they had asked from the Egyptians articles of silver
from the Egyptians articles of silver
from the Egyptians articles of silver articles of gold and clothing and the
articles of gold and clothing and the
articles of gold and clothing and the Lord had given the people favor in the
Lord had given the people favor in the
Lord had given the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians so that they
sight of the Egyptians so that they
sight of the Egyptians so that they granted them what they requested thus
granted them what they requested thus
granted them what they requested thus they plundered the Egyptians and the
they plundered the Egyptians and the
they plundered the Egyptians and the children of Israel journeyed from Ramses
children of Israel journeyed from Ramses
children of Israel journeyed from Ramses to Sukkoth about 600,000 men on foot
to Sukkoth about 600,000 men on foot
to Sukkoth about 600,000 men on foot besides children a mixed multitude went
besides children a mixed multitude went
besides children a mixed multitude went up with them also and flocks and herds a
up with them also and flocks and herds a
up with them also and flocks and herds a great deal of livestock and they baked
great deal of livestock and they baked
great deal of livestock and they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they
unleavened cakes of the dough which they
unleavened cakes of the dough which they had brought out of Egypt for it was not
had brought out of Egypt for it was not
had brought out of Egypt for it was not leavened because they were driven out of
leavened because they were driven out of
leavened because they were driven out of Egypt and could not wait nor had they
Egypt and could not wait nor had they
Egypt and could not wait nor had they prepared provisions for themselves
prepared provisions for themselves
prepared provisions for themselves now the sojourn of the children of
now the sojourn of the children of
now the sojourn of the children of Israel who lived in Egypt was 430 years
Israel who lived in Egypt was 430 years
Israel who lived in Egypt was 430 years and it came to pass at the end of the
and it came to pass at the end of the
and it came to pass at the end of the 430 years on that very same day it came
430 years on that very same day it came
430 years on that very same day it came to pass that all the armies of the Lord
to pass that all the armies of the Lord
to pass that all the armies of the Lord went out from the land of Egypt
went out from the land of Egypt
went out from the land of Egypt it is a night of solemn observance to
it is a night of solemn observance to
it is a night of solemn observance to the Lord for bringing them out of the
the Lord for bringing them out of the
the Lord for bringing them out of the land of Egypt this is that night of the
land of Egypt this is that night of the
land of Egypt this is that night of the Lord
Lord
Lord a solemn observance for all the children
a solemn observance for all the children
a solemn observance for all the children of Israel throughout their generations
of Israel throughout their generations
of Israel throughout their generations and the Lord said to Moses and Aaron
and the Lord said to Moses and Aaron
and the Lord said to Moses and Aaron this is the ordinance of the Passover no
this is the ordinance of the Passover no
this is the ordinance of the Passover no foreigner shall eat it but every man's
foreigner shall eat it but every man's
foreigner shall eat it but every man's servant who is bought for money when you
servant who is bought for money when you
servant who is bought for money when you have circumcised him then he may eat it
have circumcised him then he may eat it
have circumcised him then he may eat it the Sojourner and a hired servant shall
the Sojourner and a hired servant shall
the Sojourner and a hired servant shall not eat it in one house it shall be
not eat it in one house it shall be
not eat it in one house it shall be eaten
eaten
eaten you shall not carry any of the flesh
you shall not carry any of the flesh
you shall not carry any of the flesh outside the house nor shall you break
outside the house nor shall you break
outside the house nor shall you break one of its bones all the congregation of
one of its bones all the congregation of
one of its bones all the congregation of Israel shall keep it and when a stranger
Israel shall keep it and when a stranger
Israel shall keep it and when a stranger dwells with you and wants to keep the
dwells with you and wants to keep the
dwells with you and wants to keep the Passover to the Lord let all his males
Passover to the Lord let all his males
Passover to the Lord let all his males be circumcised and then let him come
be circumcised and then let him come
be circumcised and then let him come near and keep it and he shall be as a
near and keep it and he shall be as a
near and keep it and he shall be as a native of the land for no uncircumcised
native of the land for no uncircumcised
native of the land for no uncircumcised person shall eat it one law shall be for
person shall eat it one law shall be for
person shall eat it one law shall be for the native born and for the stranger who
the native born and for the stranger who
the native born and for the stranger who dwells among you
dwells among you
dwells among you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] thus all the children of Israel did as
thus all the children of Israel did as
thus all the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron so
the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron so
the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron so they did and it came to pass on that
they did and it came to pass on that
they did and it came to pass on that very same day that the Lord brought the
very same day that the Lord brought the
very same day that the Lord brought the children of Israel out of the land of
children of Israel out of the land of
children of Israel out of the land of Egypt according to their armies
you
you [Music]